Now for the next course lectures,
I will use AWS S3.
I will use AWS S3 as a hosting provider
for this demo static website.
Now you can follow along by creating an AWS account
but of course you can all suggest follow along
by watching the videos.
This course is not about AWS
and it will still show you all the steps that must be taken
in your action code and your action configuration
and you can follow along with that
even without an AWS account.
But you can of course also create a new AWS account
or use an existing account if you want to.
And here I'm in my AWS account.
And there you can search for the S3 service.
And what we will do here can be done for free,
if you're within the first 12 months
after creating your AWS account.
And there you will need to create a new bucket
which is simply a folder in the cloud you could say,
a directory to store files in, in the cloud,
in the AWS cloud, because AWS is a cloud services provider
allowing you to store data files
and processes in data centers.
And then you have to give this bucket a name
which must be globally unique.
Therefore, here I'll choose something
like gha custom action hosting, something like this.
You might need to try a couple of combinations
to find a bucket name that has not been used
by any other users.
Next, you have to choose a region
which basically defines which data center will be used
for storing your data and I'll stick to the default.
You can keep all the other default settings
but you should uncheck this box here
and check this box instead.
So that we do allow public access to this bucket
because we will use it for hosting a website,
hence public access must be granted.
And with this, this bucket can be created.
And thereafter we can click into this bucket.
And under properties, at the bottom of this page,
we enable static website hosting
and specify index.html as the index document
to make sure that this bucket acts as our website host
for our aesthetic website
which will eventually upload here.
And under permissions, we now also go to bucket policy,
click edit and then policy examples.
And here we grab that read only permissions
to anonymous user policy
and paste that into the policy field here
and replace doc example bucket
with our bucket name, which can be found up here.
So we paste that in here,
keeping the slash and the star thereafter.
And then we save this here at the bottom, save changes.
This makes sure that we can actually use this bucket
for hosting later,
though here I have an accidental blank at the beginning,
which must be removed. That's why I got an error.
Now let's try this again.
And with this we can upload files
into this bucket to well serve a website
and the files that should be uploaded here
are the files that are produced
by this project when running this build script.
So the files that are actually produced
as part of our build job.
These files which we upload here, these artifacts,
that is what we would need to put
into this bucket to have a website.
But we're not going to do this manually
but instead automatically
and we're going to write our own custom action
that does that because that's a great practice
and even though we would find actions in the marketplace
that help us deploy to S3,
writing our own action here allows us to dive deeper
into custom actions.